# Gujarati-Question-Answering-System

As there are search engines which evolve over time and give you the perfect results but also it comes with the burden of choosing the appropriate page and finding the answer from that particular page. It was essential to design a system, which gives you an accurate result from the given page, given the content and the question. Question Answering systems were built in order to suffice the requirement. The system works based on the content given, and the question is asked accordingly to the content, there are algorithms which works across the content and finds the appropriate answer for the provided question. There are many variations on how one proceed towards the problem. We have first classified our question (What, Where, When, Who/ Whom/ Whose, How Many/ How Much, Which). After classifying, we made algorithms on how to extract answers for that particular question accordingly. There will be certain changes in each algorithm because each question point out to a different context from the content itself. Once we get our answer, we pre – process it and then form a whole sentence using some part of the question and if required we add some parts from the context chosen. There are currently many Question Answering system which are working at its full capacity to fulfil the need, but there are none for the Gujarati language in particular, and as per the norms of different languages, the system has to be made from the scratch for different languages. As Gujarati language has its own rules and applying the English Question Answering System to find answers for the Gujarati context, it will result in a garbage value and will not be a complete solution. 
